HEY! KNOCK IT OFF!
Ow!
Why you little...
Seriously? Do you know who I am?!
My minions! You monsters...I won't forget this. I'm gonna unfold my body and fold YOURS into pretzels! 
I can see what you're about to do to my minion, and I order you to CUT IT OUT!
Mario! You're here too?
Well? What are you waiting for? Get me down from this thing!
Even you know this is no way to treat royalty. 
I've got a body too! Those folded jerks just...bent it in ways that I won't describe in detail right now.
It's seen worse, believe me. 
Never mind that! I am the great King Bowser, and I demand to be set free and unfolded!
Now, Mario...Ignore your floating friend and get me down here. Bowser commands you!
I would do the same for you. You need me as much as I need you. ADMIT IT!
Plus...I can tell you a secret after you free me. No one can resist a good secret! BWAHAHA!
Stop looking and start helping, why don't you?
Hey! Don't just leave me hanging. Get me down from here!
Nooo! It's like pulling a bandage off halfway!
...Oh. Kinda thought I'd just...unfold or something. 
Bah! No matter!
Now as for that secret I promised to tell you...there's a hidden exit in this room. 
I heard those jerks talking about it. Lousy, no-good, body-folding jerks...
Now hurry up and find it! And I'll LET you bring me along when you escape. 
See? BWAHAHA! Where would you be without me?
Hey, slow down! I'm walkin' with my face here!
Nobody makes Bowser walk with his face! I mean...obviously they DID...But they're not gonna get away with it!
She can't see me like this...
Hey! I'm crisp!
Now THAT is dysfunctional... 
Mario?!
Always gotta make a flashy entrance, huh?
Are you here for the Origami Festival too?
This dungeon-themed waiting lounge is a HUGE upgrade from the last festival I attended. Very classy. 
You ain't seen Master Bowser anywhere, have ya?
It ain't like the big lug to leave us minions hangin' at a public event.
Whoa, Mario! You're here?!
I'm a big fan - er, I mean...I've always wanted to battle you. Even if I get stomped, it would be an honor. 
Wow! This is all exciting! First I see Princess Peach and now YOU.
I gotta say, the princess was a little different than I expected. Less...lifelike...
Yeah! What's next? I've never seen a Toad before. Please tell me it's a Toad!
Aww, hope you don't have to wait too long, Mario. I'll say hi to Toad for ya!
Come with us... Not you. 
That was the last of them...
Except for the mustachioed one...
Where is the mustache...
...I never...got...to see...Toad...
Prepare to be folded!
Isn't this great, Bro? Back on the road again together and heading to some kind of festival!
What did the invitation say again? An Origami Festival? What's that gonna be like?
And I can't wait to say hello to Princess Peach! It's-a been a while.
Here we are. Toad Town! And there's Peach's Castle.
...Where is everybody? You don't think we missed it, do you?
Mario! Check out the invitation again! When were we supposed to be here?
Well, it's the right day! You think they're still getting things ready?
Let's-a go check the castle. Maybe everyone's inside.
Here we are. Peach's Castle!
I'm gonna park the kart, OK? I don't wanna tip the valet.
Sorry for the wait, Bro. Let's-a go see the princess!
It's kinda spooky in here, isn't it? And where is everybody? I'd expect to see at least one Toad by now...
Mamma mia! I forgot our gift in the kart! I'll just dash over and get it.
OK, I don't like that.
How'm I gonna get outside when the door is locked?!
Don't worry Mario. I know just what to do in situations like this.
You just gotta find Mario! Right, Mario?     ...Oh.
Ok... I'm just gonna take a deep breath and go find the key to this door. That's what you'd do, right?
Tell Princess Peach I'll be right there if you see her first, OK? Bye-bye!
Let's-a go!
Mario... is that you?
I need your help! I'm...I'm...I'm in a very strange place.
It's cramped and dark...almost like I'm in between dimensions or something.
I'm not sure if I should be amazed or scared, but I'm kinda both?
If it's not too much trouble, I'd like to get out now, please. Is there any way you can help?
Are you leaving? It sounds like you're leaving! Please help me...
What was that? Did something light up at your feet? Is it a Magic Circle?
That's good...I think. I mean, I'm not really sure what you're supposed to do with it...
Can you try to use it somehow?
That...that sounded good! Are your arms all big and foldy now?
I've heard about this! I think those are called 1,000-Fold Arms. 
Try feeling around a bit...maybe you can help me escape this strange dimension.
If it feels like the arms are off-center and out of control, maybe try pressing R to reset them. 
If you want to take a break, try pressing B to drop the 1,000-Fold Arms. 
Then, if you want to change the settings, press + to open the menu and take a look at the Gear Icon.
More to the left...
A little higher...
Just a little higher...
Just a little lower...
Yes! You're right there!
Wow! I'm free from that weird in-between dimension!
...Oh, was I just stuck in that wall?
You must be Mario!
My name's Olivia! You'd probably like to know a lot more about me and why I was trapped like that, huh?
But...I don't think we really have the time for that now. Maybe we should just get out of here. 
There is just one thing... I'm not exactly fleet of foot. Mind if I hitch a ride?
Woah, what'd you find? It looks big and smashy. Maybe try pressing B and see what happens!
You know, I feel like I just had a pretty good idea...
I don't know if they'll always be good ideas, but I'm always happy to share ‘em with you!
Why don't you try pressing X if you're stuck, and I'll see if I can think of something useful? Who knows? Maybe we'll get to know each other and make a great team! Is that how these things go?
Ok, I'm getting my bearings... I think we might be in the castle dungeon. Dungeons smell like...this place smells, right?
What did you see? Nothing terrifying, I hope...
OK, maybe I have time to explain one little thing. Those stiff-looking guys are called Folded Soldiers. I don't want to alarm you, but they're unbelievably dangerous. I think we should try to avoid them. 
What do you think they meant by “That was the last of them...” anyway? The last what?
I can hear the Folded Soldiers talking...I think they might be nearby!
Eek! I knew they had to be nearby. We're in danger!
Royalty? Ooh, nice to meet you! Is everyone in your kingdom also a face?
You're really getting the hang of those 1,000-Fold Arms, Mario!
Look at that block, Mario! It's so shiny and pretty...
Save complete, huh? Guess that means your adventure up to this point has been saved. Phew!
Let's make a habit of saving every time we see another one of these shiny blocks, OK?
Oh! And you'll find all sorts of helpful stuff if you open the menu with +.
If you want to try out some other options or need some help, check the Gear Icon section of the menu!
I've never seen a Folded Soldier like that, Mario. Does it look like one of your flat paper friends?
Brother!
No...it can't be. I didn't want to believe it could be you. How many times did I tell you to stop? Please! You have to stop now!
Patience, Princess. This will do just fine.
So you're Mario. Princess Peach's hero, right? Yes...you'll do quite well. Very crisp. Bright colors. I can see it now...
So what do you say? Will you volunteer your paper body to the cause? Or will we have to...get crumply? Join us! Yes or no...
Ah, I expected nothing less. And to be honest, I wouldn't have it any other way. 
Oh really? You expect me to fall for such a simple trick?!
Take a good, long look at Princess Peach. She's better this way, don't you think?
No need to answer. You'll soon feel the power of origami for yourself. 
Folded Soldier! Come forth!
So you defeated the first Goomba. Bravo. I assure you it is far from the deadliest creature in this realm. 
I suppose there's no point in maintaining this charade any longer...
Why couldn't Mario have simply left you in that wall where I put you...
Sister, if you stand in the way of my ambition, I'm afraid you will not share in my glory as family. 
Oh, and by the way...I am no longer your brother Olly. I am KING OLLY!
By the time I am done, all of those miserable Toads will be folded... The flimsy paper minions of Bowser shall be reborn as loyal Folded Soldiers - serving me!
And I shall fold, crease, and bend the entire paper world to my whim... The birth of a new origami kingdom!
Mario...Is that you... How good to see you...
Answer me this... Shouldn't the Mushroom Kingdom unfold? And be refolded into glory?
And what of those... Toads? Shouldn't they be silenced... for all of eternity?
I see... Last question.
Will you crease yourself and be reborn, like me?
Wrong answer, Right answer. It matters not. Your replies are all paper thin. Goodbye...
Why are you still so...flat? Why haven't you joined me in folded glory...Come...we can reshape you...
Watch out! Unless you can float like me, I'd be careful over there, Mario.
Do you see that huge hold in the ground? I don't think you'd like falling into it!
Maybe there's a way to fix it...But how? Hmm... Oh! I've got it. Catch this!
Did you see the colorful scraps of paper that showered out of the tree when you fell? That's confetti!
Everything here is made of paper, of course, so every little bit of confetti is like a tiny piece of our world. That's why I think if you gather enough confetti and sprinkle it on that hole, it might just fix the problem!
And um... once you're done? I might need rescuing again. So sorry...
Whoa, are you OK? That's one way to test the depth of the hole, I guess... 
I really hope you can find enough confetti to patch the hole. We just met and I'd like to get to know you!
Oh no! I should have warned you about falling into that hole so many times!
Woah! I can tell you're a real go-getter, but I'm not sure you have enough confetti yet...
I know it sounds rough, but hitting the grass, trees, and flowers with your hammer releases more confetti. It won't hurt them, I promise!
Mario? I have a feeling you've collected enough confetti by now. Maybe try heading over to the hole very carefully...
All right! Now, what you want to do here is get kinda close to that totally scary pit...
When you're ready, press ZR to toss some confetti on it. Yah! Hah! Boosh! Pow! You don't have to do sound effects but I think they're kinda fun!
Did it work? It sounds like it worked! Well, if it worked this one time, it should work every time you find one of these. Call me optimistic!
Oh no...I hope you won't always remember me for this moment alone, Mario...
Maybe you can help me get my head unstuck somehow...
Whew. That's much better. Thank you!
All right! Now...where are we?
There's no one around to ask for directions... this could be a problem! It seems like all we can do is explore this area a little bit. 
I don't know how much help I'll be, but I'm always here to chat if you press X. I'll do my best!
Ooh! One of these, here?
Oh...that means my brother is already folding this whole world to his whims. That's bad news!
Oooh! Mario! I've heard about this...That's a precious adventuring resource.
It's called an item! You should be able to see all the items you've collected by opening the menu with +. Press Y and select an item to use it right away! How convenient is that?
Wowie! I could soak this view up all day long. I mean, just look at the top of the mountain. It's so...WAIT! What's that?!
That's the outer crust of Peach's castle, isn't it? I saw my brother's streamers wrapping around it, lifting it into the air...And then it was gone!
Wait! There it is! See? Way up on top of that distant mountain? It's still wrapped up tightly with all of those streamers. 
My brother could still be in there with Princess Peach. Ooh, he's probably just plotting away...
I'm going to stop you, Brother. As your sister, it's my duty...
Oh, speaking of brothers...um...I saw a green hat falling into the hole where the castle used to be. I'm so sorry. The green hat was related to your hat, wasn't it? Oooh, I just knew I was right about that hat. This is a big problem!
It might be good to hurry back to where it fell and see what's going on.
Oh! And we should look for your brother while we're at it! I hope he's OK too.  
Sure seems like a lot of weird stuff is happening...
Um... Does it feel like we're not really getting anywhere?
Sometimes when the folding gets tough, I like to take a break to clear my head. You know, just sit down somewhere nice and flat with perfect lighting...Like on that tree stump!
FOREVER?! I think that means a really long time, and I can't deal with that!
Um, Mr. Grandsappy? We're not with those flat paper people who did this to you. And actually, I'm not even flat paper. I'm origami!
That's so wonderfully generous of you, truly. I only wish we knew how to restore your energy. 
Anyway, we're in a hurry ourselves, so we'll do our best to help. 
We can't give him THAT, Mario!
Collectible Treasure? Ooh, it's cute! You should try to collect more of these, Mario. Maybe even all of them!
Is it working? How do you feel?
What's wrong with that seed? A seed is a seed, isn't it?
Hey, this is great! Taking out those Folded Soldiers released a ton of confetti! We can use as much as we can find with all of the terrible holes around here, I'd say. 
What a great deal! We get rid of an enemy and get confetti to boot. And when they explode, it's like a party!
Still, though...how are there already Folded Soldiers this deep into the forest? Do you think they're just going around causing trouble everywhere? I have such a bad feeling about this. 
Hey, this is that spring that we saw before. I feel...calmer somehow...just standing near it. Normally I wouldn't suggest this, but do you think we should try throwing something in there?
Are you going to put something in the spring?
Did you hear that? I think it might have been Ol' Grandsappy crying out!
He seemed pretty feeble when we talked to him - but that was no feeble URGGGGG! Oh no...Oh no...Do you think he's OK?
Oh dear...
Uh...Grandsappy? Can you hear us?
This doesn't look good. He was already creaky. Now he's downright hollowed out!
OH! I've got an idea! Look closely at Mr. Grandsappy's face. Doesn't it look like one of those holes? Maybe that means you can fix him with confetti by pressing ZR!
Well, he's not hollow anymore. But does it seem like he could still be more energetic somehow?
WOW! I was NOT expecting that.
Looking good, Grandsappy. I'm so happy for you!
Great! Now we can keep making our way to Peach's Castle.
Let's get a move on, Mario. I'm still pretty worried about your green family.
Bye for now, Grandsappy! I'm glad we could be of service.
Ready for another round? Fwoosh! Zing! Kapow! Boppo! Uh... Plork! Hurry–I'm running out of sounds!
Some kind of face...head...hat...thing is stuck in that shrub! I've got a bad feeling...
Wait, that's what a Toad looks like? Wow, I was way off. 
I don't mean to be rude, Toad, but I have to ask...how did your face end up so bent and wonky?
Sounds like Folded Soldiers to me. It must be my brother's doing...
I know we've got a few other things on our plate, but you'll help any Toads we find, won't you Mario?
Ooh, that Toad is a shrewd one...
But it sounds like it could be a big help to have them cheer us on in battle, don't you think?
Let's save as many Toads as we can and get them to root for us, Mario!
You must be tired, Mario. Do you want to try taking a rest on that bench?
Ahhh! Finally, a minute to rest. 
Hm? Mario, look at you! You've gone from pooped to pepped. I'm so glad!
I can't face all those Folded Soldiers alone. You're all I've got!
So stay rested, OK? When you see a bench, take a break and heal up!
It looks like my brother really is turning all kinds of paper folks into an army of Folded Soldiers... At this rate, it feels like the whole world is going to be overrun with them!
I'm a Toad!
That's because my face is all folded up! Please, help me!
Mario! Don't leave me here!
You've gotta help me! I don't care what it takes–hammer me out of this shrub if you have to!
That's marginally better!
Now I just need some flattening out, I think...
I'm still not OK!
That's helping!
Um...can we save the conversation until after I'm fixed? Hit me again, Mario! I can take it!
Just a bit more!
I'm flat again! Thank you!
Oh, it's bad! Real bad!
These horrible folded guys showed up and started folding Toads left and right. Most of us got folded before we could even ask what was going on.
What do they have against Toads? It's not fair! Toads have rights! This is Toad abuse!
Aaaugh! I just retraumatized myself!
I heard that! And I'm holding you to that affirmative gesture, Mario!
But us Toads can help you too. If you press Y during a battle, we'll come cheer you on. The more of us you have cheering, the more help we can give you. Good things will happen, I promise!
Oh, we will charge you a modest fee for the cheering. Should have mentioned that.
Keep Out! Unless You Want To Stay Forever
Do I have a sign on my back? Didn’t think so.
Pretty straightforward, right?
Yeah, they made me out of one of Grandsappy’s branches. Reduce, reuse, recycle, I guess…
I guess it could be worse. My uncle’s a tongue depressor. 
Hey. Don’t. Stop.
*sigh* No, stop. What ever will I do?
Do-Re-Mi-Fa-So-La-Ti-Don’t mind me!
We used to be trees, but don’t feel bad for us. We’ll turn into ashes and grow again. 
One day I’ll burn...
Light me!
We must burn. 
Can I help you? The Toad who lives here isn’t home right now, and has actually been gone for kind of a long time... 
I see why people build houses out of wood now. We’re so dry in here!
Firing it up so you can wolf it down... Welcome to Toad’s BBQ Foodeatery! (All firewood used is happy to burn.)
Toad Town ->
Fresh paper alert... Let's fold him up!
We're saved! What were those Goombas doing, kidnapping us? And where were they taking us? Were they even Goombas? They were folded in a really off-putting way... 
We're taking an L on this one, guys–we got rescued by Mario.
But...you know what? Maybe we should put aside our differences for a while, eh? We're all paper. Let's watch each other's backs!
All right, guys! Let's fight folds with stacks. Move it out!
Hrm? It doesn't look like there's anyone here.
Oh, look at that big hollow spot over there! That means my brother might have been here already...and I'm sure he was up to no good. 
Hold on... There IS someone here! Are my eyes playing tricks on me, or is that creature way, WAY too big to be real?
It's not like any origami I've ever seen before... And what exactly is it doing to that house?
It's eating it?!
Ewww! It's eating the house! I can't imagine how yucky it must taste.
These macho, papery things must be the source of the holes we've been seeing everywhere. Ugh!
Wait! Look at that thing's back... That's a seal of my brother's face! That might mean my brother is powering it somehow! If that's the case... that seal could be some kind of weak point!
Maybe if you hit the seal it will get weaker somehow. And then you could take it down!
You're just going to leave that... thing...to eat some poor Toad's house?!
Good shot! It's working!
That did something! Maybe now it's vulnerable to hammer strikes anywhere on its icky body!
Yes! That did the trick. 
So the weak point on that Paper Macho Soldier was my brother's seal. You should remember that!
Now...what were we doing here? I'm all turned around after that excitement. 
Oh, right! We were looking for the place where Peach's Castle used to be. Well, the gate is right over there. We might as well check it out. 
Keep that hammer ready in case we run into more of those huge monsters, OK?